Translation corrections (#205)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/tsuk_009.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5ec69a>詩音</color>", NULL, "<color=#5ec69a>Shion</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s18/06/160600361", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「質問攻めにして、相手の質問を封じ込める気なんですよ。",

> 			NULL, "\"He's trying to ask question after question to keep us from questioning him.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"He's trying to ask question after question to keep us from asking questions of our own.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
